*: remove column mapping from dm docs (#1618)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/tools/data-migration/usage-scenarios/shard-merge.md

          tbl-name: "log_bak"
    ```

> - To satisfy the replication Requirement #8, first refer to [handling conflicts of auto-increment primary key](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/1604) to solve conflicts, which guarantees that the data replication does not go wrong when data is replicated to the downstream and the shared table has the same primary key. Then, configure `ignore-checking-items` to skip checking the conflict of auto-increment primary key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To satisfy the replication Requirement #8, first refer to [handling conflicts of auto-increment primary key](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/1604) to solve conflicts. This guarantees that data is successfully replicated to the downstream when the sharded table has duplicate values in the primary key column. Then, configure `ignore-checking-items` to skip checking the conflict of auto-increment primary key:
```
Several things to do:
1. Update the link.
2. In the second sentence, the Chinese "分表中有相同的主键值" means "分表中的主键列有重复值"? Please confirm with the author about this.
